Hi.

This is a sample code that I have worked on during my spare time (for about hour or so after work each night,
for the past few days.

The software works. It allows you to search for movies, displaying the 10 top most relevant matches, 
and then it allows you to select one to add to your browsers local storage.  The movie will be
added to the favourite list.   You can sort the list by title, year and IMDB.

When a movie is added for the first time, its IMDB will be shown as "loading", as we need to fetch
that info from the server, using react-refresh.  Once the data arrives, it will update the rating.

The software is not producation ready though. Here are some of the tasks remaining on my TODO list.
I will be updating this repo periodically with the changes.


INSTALL AND RUN 
-----------------

To run this software, you will need an ubuntu/linux console with node v7.4.0 installed.


Type the following commands:

node install;

sudo npm install webpack -g
sudo npm install nodemon -g

nodemon;

Open your browser (latest version of Google Chrome please) and point it to:

http://localhost:3000

Hot re-loading is enabled by default. 

Things to do:

This software works but its kinda incomplete. Things I'm gonna improve over time. 

* improve eye candy .. make the site look a little nicer and improve UI.

* Accessibility.  The site should be WCAG 2.0 level A compliant, where possible.

* currently, only the first 10 matches are shown in the autocomplete dropdown feature.
  I had planned to show a pagination feature that will allow the user to see the next/prev 
  10 movie matches, etc.  I was planning to use react-router for this, coupled with react-refetch,
  so that when the URL changes, react-refetch will automatically fetch the next 10 matches, then
  react-router would refresh the autocomplete component.   The current code would need to be refactored
  a little to accomodate this change, which given my current work committments, would probably take
  me another 2 or 3 days to do  ... or maybe just 2 hours at most if working on this project exclusively.
  
  * Test cases:

  Although this is just sample code, including test cases would still be valuable, especially
  in a team/production environment. For example, you can use Mocha, Sinon, Chai and Enzyme to conduct 
  automated tests, which can be run everytime you commit to the git repo.  

  * Comments:
  
  Currently, the code doesnt have any comments in it.  

  * AirBnB linter

  I have incorporated AirBnB's lint config file in both webpack and in my Microsoft VS code IDE,
  but some of the code will still need to be edited to comply. Trailing spaces, use of PropTypes, 
  etc.. There are some parts of the linter which may require some editing to pass, for example, the "no-undef" test.  
  'React' is included as a global in the webpack config file, so you dont have to include it manually every time
  you use it in a module.  Alternatively, i have to instead include the import React statement in each module.
  This will be done over the next few days and updated on github.

  * Latency bug:
   When using a lazy loader with react-refetch, its possible that a previous async call will override
   a new async call which returns quicker.  I will have to look into ways to solve this when I get
   a moment.
   